everybody ultimate on the line please
binding of issac afterbirth plots we got
a win streak of minus two which is
extremely deserving Lots random roll and
it's not Ana's able rap like flossing
nh4 jf my name is Jeff peeve FV I'm
Leslie the test
okay don't ya alright let's stop that I
know you got to unlock the edge online
MBA plus how long does it take though
there you go so now I'm leaving skype
messages we're in the midst of a little
bit of an early docket planning today
resume game let's go um yeah it's a loss
also the loss doesn't intimidate me
maybe it should but I don't think that
it should as long as we don't completely
capitulate early we should be fine
honestly and people in the last
non-daily that when i probably thought I
was you know blowing smoke with this but
it's actually more fragile to be as asel
early
sorry not as able that's ridiculous it's
more fragile to be Judas early than it
is to be the lost the lost has like way
way way too much resiliency to be
concerned about early death we should be
fine
we've got to get to this item room first
though and now I've accidentally started
an argument on skype about whether it's
good to leave online functionality
locked behind single player game content
in order to ensure a certain level of
proficiency in the single player game
content when you get online ie shouldn't
Madden force you to play like one
exhibition game offline to go online so
that you're not trashed when you get
there in my opinion no but at the same
time I am a streamer who wants to
download the game boot it up and have it
live within two seconds because you know
doing prep work that sort of thing isn't
my bag baby here I actually am in at the
close skype though it's a pretty freakin
- glass ok I brought it on myself a
brought it on myself it's important to
remember it's important to remember
let's go all right heads in the game
nothing to worry about
eager to get something from this item
room hey here's something that's
important to keep a note by the way last
time we had a loss run we might have
been so strong that we still have Isaac
based highway blindness ie ibh B
actually I'll take it for the super
bummed chance but ie
we might have been so strong that I
don't play appropriately on this run
because I feel like I'm stronger than I
actually am it's like a little bit
dunning-kruger effect but for the law
specifically so that's we are going to
do here is light Larry jr. who isn't
that was for Larry juniors eye that's
fine for Larry juniors is not like
outrageous or maybe three Larry juniors
to normal size one really long but when
I first walked into that room it was
like an upside-down Tetris board and
despair so I'm happy that turns out it's
maybe not as problematic as it
originally
appeared but it's okay Larry jr. he is
no problem how many times we had to
fight this guy first you know hundreds
at the very least at this point we want
damage not HP damage not HP utilities
fine too but there's better damage items
on bosses you've got me reeling from
that one that's okay though you know
just one extra item to get deep forward
if the situation warrants it
kirsta the lost is effectively
completely irrelevant as long as we
don't accidentally go to too many rooms
that pose risk this is the like this is
what I live for on lost runs is the
second floor deal with the devil knowing
everything's going to be free it's
really the dice roll you should with
holy mantle even with 0 HP you have a
great chance to live to this point on an
average run even if you don't get
anything else useful not to you no shame
you I mean did you see how many is asel
runs I lost earned the Judas runs I lost
I just did in as asel daily which is why
I'm constantly getting them confused
here ok goodbye d4 and the hello huge
stat upgrade from dim bulb and then also
Guppies head and then also closing in on
the Gumpy transformation but also
Guppies head is a pretty useful item to
begin with so feeling pretty stoked
about this we do have a bomb now so we
should blow this up and hope for small
rock 2 bombs that's ok two bombs honey
do you see that up in the sky well
that's nothing it's just a little prick
I can't let my mini-me get sick in the
cold harshness of space it's from Austin
Powers to The Spy Who shagged me as
opposed to all the other Austin Powers
two's dude we have great stats when dim
bulb is active it's actually like a
market increase the fact that we get to
luck out of it is just the icing on the
cake really I think the eternal heart
for no reason we did have the chance to
buy a broken modem I don't understand
the value proposition of that item
that's a different thing than saying I
don't think it has a good value
proposition I really just don't
understand it but anyway what I was
going to say before we got got these
pods I go B's head and got sort of
sidetracked here is that this is where
you're rolling the dice is this first
floor second floor deal with the devil
you get Krampus if you haven't gotten
anything else up to that point which no
longer describes us stand an okay chance
to die there's not a whole lot you can
do about that except dodge really well
and you know predict what kind of shot
Krampus is going to shoot maybe you got
some bombs you can use to you know close
the gap or you could have what happened
to us on our last run and you could get
three guppy items and because deals with
the devil are always free as the lost
you know you're pretty much unstoppable
from that point onwards we only need to
guppy items this time so it should
definitely be doable
PJ's is no statistical change for us
because we can't accrue spirit hearts
speed downgrade is largely irrelevant
let's get out of here
I'm happy with dark matter but and to be
honest with you I'm happy with the
multi-dimensional baby as well but it is
fair to say that maybe a little
underwhelmed it's very strange we have
fought no other rooms of combat between
two boss fights that doesn't happen very
often basically you had to go that was
extremely scary so now we got eyes on
this guy so we don't have to worry as
much as long as we know where he is he's
easy to combat okay so this is also good
at tiers upgrade is very nice no Krampus
please no Krampus okay so we got mob the
void and we got a little brim both of
these are good they synergize with each
other and mob the void is a damage
upgrade we don't really want the demon
hearts but the ability to deal extra
damage as a result is pretty good as a
result of having my Lavoie - okay sure
you know at this point I don't think we
need to go for any of those other items
you can take curse of the tower by the
way there's kind of no reason not to
take the curse of the tower because if
we've taken damage we've already lost
unless we come back as you know you're
just a shadow or lives or it's or
something what makes you larger you know
it's irrelevant people tell me that I
under 8:1 makes you larger which not not
people as if it's like a large swath of
the population but I've had people be
like you really under 8:1 makes you
larger doesn't actually increase the
size of your hitbox it just makes the
model larger there's no positive to that
maybe it's not quite as bad mechanically
as I've made it out to be but it really
possesses no benefit to the best of my
knowledge and beyond that even if it
doesn't adjust your hip box which I
believe that it doesn't it does lead to
some confusion just visually about where
your hitbox in your hip box actually
resides 2020 dude oh I find most items
are better if you actually pick them up
but we're uh we're crushing it here this
is awesome
let's get the heck out of town I would
like to get a speed upgrade because even
with I mean I know we took a speed
downgrade pill but even with our dimple
being active like almost all the time
it's not that fast 1.38 speed is low
enough to be like I would like to change
that so we really did strike gold on
this guppies head pick up early it's one
of the best space bar items in the game
pretty much full stop and then you know
combine that with the fact that we have
dim bulb which means that we're going to
get the stat bonus from dim bulb
constantly I figured you check it like
unless we walk into a fire or something
at the end of this room we should be
completely fine so what would I love to
see now straight up you know car battery
dude that's lovely six flies instead of
the one what I would love to see is goat
head selfishly you know getting free
deals with the devil all the time would
be really really nice probably very
useful great chance to turn us into
guppy guppy is I mean we six flies per
room is enough to not need guppy for fly
generation but it's always nice beyond
that
nine lives is essentially an instant
game-winner for us
and the question is do we want to go
into our curse room here the odds of us
getting hit are so low and the odds of
becoming guppy as a result to go into
that curse room are pretty good we got
to try it even like as I said I've got
to try it
in my head I was like you don't have to
try it well the algae's room is nice
could also just leave ya hold blank rune
and as the loss it's kind of an
interesting proposition isn't it because
we could use the blank rune to become
algae's maybe not the right way to
describe that I'm excited it's pretty
bad but yellow and with this many flies
I'm excited about I'm excited I'm
excited because it gives us the
opportunity to show over worth bear con
oh that's a that's the gods I can't
remember
probably a secret room something's wrong
one up okay one up is really really
really nice any kind of life that can
bring you back from the brink it's
valuable on a run like this hey don't
get any big ideas mister but ya blank
currents kind of a shot in the dark but
it's not like we really needed the what
infinity bombs that was our other
options two of bombs used late in the
game fairly inconsequential but what
would be very consequential is a deal
with the devil which we did not get
however life goes on we're way ahead of
schedule boss rush is a possibility if
that has like dark Judas or something on
it I'm lovin life this is another very
winnable lost run and it's true that the
lost you know not what it used to be in
terms of like difficulty I think what
has changed with the lost rebalancing is
admittedly achievements getting a a
million and one percent and all the
other you know whatever God achievements
that's fine though you know I think that
I would sacrifice bragging rights for
like I beated on the old version of lost
before I would sacrifice the lost being
like an actually viable and interesting
character the loss is one of my favorite
characters to play as because you really
can never have a run especially early
where you feel completely safe so thanks
for the one-up and that was a great
example of what I was talking about
which is why I was why I brought it up
there is because uh you know as I just
said you can never be completely safe so
we're going to hold the chaos card
and God for that one up dude go and
thank God for that one because Jacob's
Ladder is the sickest there is did I say
it's the sickest there is I said it's
the sickest there is you definitely want
to hide mine as well it's worth the cost
so we should be crushing in now we don't
want the battery because we don't care
we never want to store a battery charge
thanks to dim bulb so I mean okay you
brain it needs you to chill out here a
little bit you're making some very very
bad place do not walk into a mimic you
could have been hit on that room and
just not realize it you got to slow your
roll with respect to that I actually
feel like I've been carried on this run
which is fairly obvious but I think I've
played somewhat badly so the general
game plan here in my opinion first off
great name for like a defensive line
coach in the NFL general gameplan but
secondly is to use the chaos card as
late as possible without it
dying with us effectively so in a manner
of speaking what I'm effectively getting
at is if we go to the hush fight this is
the right thing to use on hush if we
don't we probably want to try to save it
for blue baby or Isaac little Loki is
fine your car battery hivemind
Guppies paw that was close Plus sack of
sacks is actually killing it like this
is we have more flies than I would ever
expect from not being guppy yet I find
myself somewhat less confident that
maybe I should be mostly because of the
fact that I continue to take damage
that's completely ok it's completely
unnecessary
due to hazards that there's just no
there's no good
Isak case to be made for taking this
hazardous damage willy-nilly and I'm the
guy who's always talking about morale I
don't think morale factors into this
you got to take it you got to take it no
cursed by monsters - you don't
in hindsight have to take it it turns
out that you did not have to take that
the one thing that's bad about chaos is
that it's not get-out-of-jail-free which
means that it is effectively not a
teleport card if we take damage early on
a boss fight could sink us
probably won't but it only has to sink
us once you know for things to go real
badly continuing to get every single
sack that we come across you know you're
going to find me being not super
diligent about every consumable but
really really diligent about the sacks
because the battery charges that come
out of those I mean as far as I'm
concerned six flies is one free room so
every room we're almost generating one
free room I did Oh peeler might kill us
or maybe we can use a infinity number of
times I'm not ready to end the video
here to find out one way or the other
great fight with curse of the unknown
there's no way I'm doing Bob's rush had
a feeling we might see Krampus grandpa's
has given us head of Krampus it's a
fairly useless item for us right now
because guppies head is so good instead
we'll head down to the next floor as you
might expect don't get your hopes up
about a delirium kill here however this
might be the rare lost + hush combo
simply because the only thing we have to
do to kill hush is kill the first phase
and then land the the chaos shot if we
missed the chaos shot we will like
almost the 100% definitely die
come on battery charges battery charges
help us build the economy here don't
want that the fly economy I'm to be
honest with you I think it matters more
than the actual economy I'm talking
about the economy not just a you know
Canada but of planet Earth was the
economy ever done for us
hey here's a free car courtesy you the
economy I don't think so
you know what the economy does give us
though is like a great excuse and also
an easy punchline if we can't think of
another way to end a joke in this
economy ha ha ha adults ha ha ha ha I'll
joke about the economy ha ha
with interest rates the way they are I
should be giving this to you ha ha ha ha
adulthood
if my throat felt better I would go into
full-blown like maniacal laughter I'm
going to resist but just imagine that I
didn't give me the credit for it so I
was thinking the bends into the shop
last week and they said no floor mats
that'll be a million dollars oh let's we
put it on my tube
I don't know what that voice is but I
like it still got chaos what do you
think you think I think we should ooh
so hilariously we totally should have
taken curse to the tower that we didn't
get it later now in the hole Ashton
Kutcher butterfly effect universe might
not have made like any difference at all
we might have just gotten nothing out of
that chest instead of bombs rather
rather than something of a potential
value but it's still we would have
gotten something different and that does
matter our fly economy is screwed man by
the way why not take a left-hand dim
bulb
is so good we actually it's a great run
don't get me wrong but dim bulb is
providing a lot of that greatness
sincerely I mean the curse room again I
tell you what I'll see what I get from
the boss fight like if I get a deal with
the devil for example and then I'll go
see if the curse room matters
it could have two Goffe items in it
admittedly but I don't like narrative
that the cursor room doesn't contain a
risk I think it's actually one of the
riskiest runs or one of the riskiest
rooms I should say for us to go into
because there's guaranteed one damage on
the way out
or at least it's guaranteed to take away
holy mantle on the way out is what I
mean to suggest there but we got to be
mom first are we going to fight hush and
right now I don't see a good reason not
to we should be able to beat the first
phase of hush without getting hit no
deal with the devil means no curse room
and we do have 99 cents and plenty of
keys so I feel like you definitely want
to pursue this Avenue and we'll go we'll
open everything because there's no
reason not to that could give us more
sax then can give us nothing but jerk we
definitely do not want thunder thighs so
we'll go little haunts we definitely do
want proptosis so we'll go proptosis I
don't think we care about mama mega we
sort of care about the pockets maybe but
we should donate a lot as well the thing
with Mama mega is what are we trying to
do with it we're paying a 15 cents for
nothing
it will do a little bit of damage to to
the first phase of the hush aka actually
completely meaningless so don't get hit
during the first phase we can still win
after getting hit in the first phase it
would be better not to though dusted and
then the moneymaker
we did get proptosis as a result of
coming down here so I think that this
was worth it but a little bit on the
like not that amazing side for sure
well that's not fair proptosis is like
really good so I drove Benza to the
dealership the other day so proptosis
what is this college to come home in
this economy
okay let's mean we should get that we're
going to have to get it so using money
let's go next best card straight up is
the Emperor if we can impure or we will
oh you should check those like I get too
lazy here um if we can Emperor we let's
say that our odds of winning the run go
up by probably like 90 percent of
whatever chance we have to fail so if we
got a 90 percent chance to succeed right
now I'd say Emperor takes us to 99
we got an 80% chance that say Emperor
takes us to 98
I hope I said chance to succeed instead
of chance to fail there otherwise the
analogy was constructed backwards
because you know why we get to skip all
the rooms like that one that can
actually hurt us rooms with you know
these stupid vaginal bomb flies who kick
the crap out of you explode in your face
without you even knowing you know what's
coming
chariot card actually extremely good if
we get hit we're going to want to pop
that chariot right away and came out a
phrasing easy boss fight' though the
guy's irrelevant so we'll just use it
and head down to the next floor this is
going to be like a 23 minute long boss
rush or as I not bother I should win
that's amazing if it's a win and we're
going to take all these for certain
leech is okay crooked penny well mom's I
pyro it doesn't double empty chests
anymore
but with three luck I got high hopes
this is actually an extremely dumb idea
remember we're not generating flies
Guppies paw or go fishing every time we
should have tried to dobble it Guppies
head is the only fly generator and all
of a sudden we also have 0.58 speed
right now so it's pretty horrible but we
have these chariot cards
I think sure - a closed chariot chariot
that's pretty good now we get rid of
this forever
guillotine mutant spider spawn benda
spelunker hat now we go with Guppies paw
which is actually Guppies head as I've
stated a million times accidentally it
got us some items I don't know if I love
them I might I mean the homing shot quad
shot pretty good selection guillotine
scares me a little bit as I think it
should scare you as well but seems like
pretty great right I don't even want to
know what that was the fact that it gave
me a speed upgrade right off the bat is
all I need to know it's all I need to
say that that was an incredibly good yet
keep moving
keep breathing keep breathing and no I
know I'll I don't care steam sales fine
that's crooked penny so we got to give
it up the crooked penny I mean we did
not as a result of it but while having
it we did get a speed downgrade which is
pretty bad especially when we've already
gotten the speed downgrade but
we also picked up some pretty solid
items as a result of its existence I
think we're just going to win here which
is pretty amazing
it was a 24-minute lost run thanks for
watching I feel like I'm back in the
saddle even though they did it easily
for me there for now thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed the episode if you take
sleep a like button don't let a great
deal of course subscribe you don't see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time